Update n8n-nodes-base.n8n.md (#2095)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.n8n.md

Refer to the [n8n node on the website](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n/) for a list of examples.

### SSL

> This node doesn't support SSL. If your server requires an SSL connection,use the [HTTP Request node](/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.httprequest/) to call the [n8n API](/api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node doesn't support SSL. If your server requires an SSL connection, use the [HTTP Request node](/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.httprequest/) to call the [n8n API](/api/).
```

Refer to the [n8n node on the website](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n/) for a list of examples.

### SSL

> Currently, this node don't have support to SSL, if your server have a SSL connection it can be used a combination of the [HTTP Request node](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.httprequest) with the [Code node](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node doesn't support SSL. If your server requires an SSL connection,use the [HTTP Request node](/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.httprequest/) to call the [n8n API](/api/).
```

> The HTTP Request node have Options to ignore SSL Issues or input the SSL credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP Request node has options to [provide the SSL certificate](/integrations/builtin/credentials/httprequest/#provide-an-ssl-certificate).
```

> At the Code node, this python code retrives the json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> # example for retrive the "Workflow Get Many" endpoint data to json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> data_list = _input.item.json["data"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> return data_list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
